special symbol: \
reserved keyword : begin_init
special symbol: #
reserved keyword : registers
reserved keyword : quantum
operator: =
constant: 6
special symbol: #
reserved keyword : registers
reserved keyword : classical
operator: =
constant: 3
special symbol: #
reserved keyword : iters
operator: =
constant: 800
special symbol: #
reserved keyword : set
reserved keyword : quantum
reserved keyword : states
special symbol: ->
special symbol: {
special symbol: (
constant: 1
special symbol: ,
constant: 2
special symbol: )
special symbol: ,
special symbol: (
constant: -3
special symbol: ,
constant: -4
special symbol: )
special symbol: }
special symbol: ,
special symbol: {
constant: 1
special symbol: ,
constant: 0
special symbol: }
special symbol: ,
special symbol: {
constant: 1
special symbol: ,
constant: 0
special symbol: }
special symbol: ,
special symbol: {
constant: 1
special symbol: ,
constant: 0
special symbol: }
special symbol: ,
special symbol: {
constant: 1
special symbol: ,
constant: 0
special symbol: }
special symbol: ,
special symbol: {
constant: 1
special symbol: ,
constant: 0
special symbol: }
special symbol: #
reserved keyword : set
reserved keyword : classical
reserved keyword : states
special symbol: ->
constant: 1
special symbol: ,
constant: 0
special symbol: ,
constant: 1
special symbol: \
reserved keyword : end_init
special symbol: \
reserved keyword : begin_main
reserved keyword : for_lex
special symbol: (
ID: i
special symbol: ,
ID: j
special symbol: )
reserved keyword : in
special symbol: (
constant: 0
punctuation: :
constant: 3
special symbol: ,
constant: 3
punctuation: :
constant: 6
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword : condition
special symbol: (
ID: j
operator: -
ID: i
comparator: !=
constant: 3
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword : Y
punctuation: :
ID: i
special symbol: ->
ID: j
special symbol: }
special symbol: }
reserved keyword : for_zip
special symbol: (
ID: q
special symbol: ,
ID: c
special symbol: )
reserved keyword : in
special symbol: (
constant: 3
punctuation: :
constant: 6
special symbol: ,
constant: 0
punctuation: :
constant: 3
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword : measure
punctuation: :
ID: q
special symbol: ->
ID: c
special symbol: }
special symbol: \
reserved keyword : end_main
special symbol: \
reserved keyword : begin_output
reserved keyword : int
ID: difference
operator: =
reserved keyword : c_output
special symbol: [
constant: 4
special symbol: ]
operator: *
reserved keyword : c_output
special symbol: [
constant: 3
special symbol: ]
reserved keyword : condition
special symbol: (
ID: difference
comparator: >
constant: 0
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword : echo
special symbol: (
punctuation: "
constant: More
punctuation: "
special symbol: )
special symbol: }
reserved keyword : otherwise
special symbol: (
ID: difference
comparator: <
constant: 0
special symbol: )
special symbol: {
reserved keyword : echo
special symbol: (
punctuation: "
constant: Less
punctuation: "
special symbol: )
special symbol: }
reserved keyword : otherwise
special symbol: {
reserved keyword : echo
special symbol: (
punctuation: "
constant: Equal
punctuation: "
special symbol: )
special symbol: }
special symbol: \
reserved keyword : end_output
